README.md, before:

```text
 ____                    _                             
|  _ \  __ _  _ __    __| |  ___   _ __ ___            
| |_) |/ _` || '_ \  / _` | / _ \ | '_ ` _ \           
|  _ <| (_| || | | || (_| || (_) || | | | | |          
|_|_\_\\__,_||_| |_| \__,_| \___/ |_| |_| |_|    _     
|  _ \  __ _  ___  ___ __      __ ___   _ __  __| |    
| |_) |/ _` |/ __|/ __|\ \ /\ / // _ \ | '__|/ _` |    
|  __/| (_| |\__ \\__ \ \ V  V /| (_) || |  | (_| |    
|_|___ \__,_||___/|___/  \_/\_/  \___/ |_|   \__,_|    
 / ___|  ___  _ __    ___  _ __  __ _ | |_  ___   _ __ 
| |  _  / _ \| '_ \  / _ \| '__|/ _` || __|/ _ \ | '__|
| |_| ||  __/| | | ||  __/| |  | (_| || |_| (_) || |   
 \____| \___||_| |_| \___||_|   \__,_| \__|\___/ |_|   
```

This project is part of a challenge taken from
[app-ideas by florinpop17](https://github.com/florinpop17/app-ideas).

This project specifically uses TypeScript as the programming language
and Vue.js as the framework.

Below, you can find the project setup and hot-reload instructions for development.

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

Commit message:

:memo: Revise README with project details and technologies

README.md, after:

```text
 ____                    _                             
|  _ \  __ _  _ __    __| |  ___   _ __ ___            
| |_) |/ _` || '_ \  / _` | / _ \ | '_ ` _ \           
|  _ <| (_| || | | || (_| || (_) || | | | | |          
|_|_\_\\__,_||_| |_| \__,_| \___/ |_| |_| |_|    _     
|  _ \  __ _  ___  ___ __      __ ___   _ __  __| |    
| |_) |/ _` |/ __|/ __|\ \ /\ / // _ \ | '__|/ _` |    
|  __/| (_| |\__ \\__ \ \ V  V /| (_) || |  | (_| |    
|_|___ \__,_||___/|___/  \_/\_/  \___/ |_|   \__,_|    
 / ___|  ___  _ __    ___  _ __  __ _ | |_  ___   _ __ 
| |  _  / _ \| '_ \  / _ \| '__|/ _` || __|/ _ \ | '__|
| |_| ||  __/| | | ||  __/| |  | (_| || |_| (_) || |   
 \____| \___||_| |_| \___||_|   \__,_| \__|\___/ |_|   
```

## About 
This project is a random password generator web application focused on delivering a responsive interface. It was developed based on the ["app-ideas" challenge by florinpop17](https://github.com/florinpop17/app-ideas), following the proposed User Stories.

## Technologies Used
Vue.js: Framework used for building a modular UI.<br>
TypeScript: Main language to ensure type safety and code reliability.<br>
CSS: Custom styling with a strong focus on responsiveness.

## Project Setup
Below, you can find the project setup and hot-reload instructions for development.

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```
